Spore Score Pwned By Amazon.com Users
Published on September 09, 2008.
I really love how users on Amazon have rebelled and made the average score of Spore = 1.
I’m not sure if the game is really that bad or not, but it seems the big beef so far is with the DRM scheme.
If that’s so, I kind of feel bad for the developers.
They probably have no say in whether or not their game gets DRM slapped on it, so it’s punishing them for something out of their control.
DRM sucks, but I dunno if it’s “okay” to act like a baby and give the game 1 star if it’s really better than that.
But hey, I haven’t played it so maybe it really sucks.
Probably has to do with the years(!) of hype the game got that couldn’t possibly be followed through in the end.
In other video game news, I got Disgaea 3 and have been playing that for a bit.
It’s pretty much the same as Disgaea 1-2 but it’s still fun.
I’m a bit dissapointed that the vector graphics are still pretty low res.
If it’s the PS3 I’d like to see at least a few more pixels on those characters.
3D would probably ruin the game, but higher res would be very much appreciated.
I also got Resident Evil 4 for the Wii but haven’t played it yet.
Too scared of dogs jumping through the window like in the first one… Fuck that was scary!